two writers crossed the desert where
they found a treasure of invaluable
power a treasure that could be used did
you
the key to the place the theological
researcher backline disciples are code
for the
together with his daughter Johanna he
wants to prevent this code from getting
into the wrong hands
but an international criminal
organization whose power reaches to the
highest Pontifical circles is also hot
on Batman's heels
the theological scientist is murdered
now it's up to the cop to keep the Holy
Scriptures last secret Johanna sets out
to find those who murdered her father
his assistant Simon joins her
it soon becomes clear to both that it is
they are carrying with
they get caught in a global
which leads them back to the very center
of Christianity the Vatican sign
chance against an enemy so powerful but
they refused to give up the Bible code
without a fight
their opponent prepares the strike
not only Johanna and Symons lives are in
danger
very existence of mankind is at stake
because with the help of the Bible
everyone's future can be predicted
hands but diabolical insurance
and then they discover
turkeys
dislocated
heart
innocence a fifth is to become the
victim of a murderous conspiracy
seven in johanna succeed in preventing
the assassination but in order to thwart
the crime organization sinister plans
they must inflate the key to the bible
code
they discover an important clue to
convey which leads the two to the middle
of the Negev desert
a race against time a good
there's a certain left showdown
it is nothing less than Christianity's
last big secret it is at state remember
secret that must be kept
we'll say me try to master this
monumental task